Shawn Phalen: Hey, how are you
Shawn Phalen: Can you hear me.
Galaxy A50: Sorry about that.
Shawn Phalen: How are you
Galaxy A50: I'm good thank you did I interrupt your dinner.
Shawn Phalen: Oh god, no. Huh.
Galaxy A50: Well, okay.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, me too.
Galaxy A50: I like checked in with you in a wrap the tortilla.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so I did get your email. I'm about I can never remember her
Galaxy A50: Name. Oh, Liliana
Shawn Phalen: Liliana okay um yeah so
Shawn Phalen: Since all of this stuff has been extended to the end of the month. Right.
Galaxy A50: It's actually been taken off calendar and definitely. Oh, you mean I'm sorry I'm all in my own world. You mean, absolutely. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: So everything is cancelled and nothing's going to be rescheduled because even if the courts open me first.
Galaxy A50: They still have pieces to go on me for. So I don't know what and the court system is already so backed up.
Galaxy A50: It's almost. Actually, to be honest, kind of easier, not knowing and and just it's it's like it doesn't exist right now. Right. I know it's, yeah.
Galaxy A50: I'm so sorry.
Galaxy A50: A
Galaxy A50: Bright heart, hold on. What hang on just a sec okay
Galaxy A50: Oh God, because
Galaxy A50: The front desk sometimes catches me at the worst possible time with the slightest of problems. I thought I'd like they thought maybe I can't get ahold of you or something. Let us. She's like Oh, a package was sent to you. All right. Um, yes. So I am just I'm actually doing well.
Galaxy A50: Because I'm focusing on do so much I missed out on so I'm just doing continuing education.
Galaxy A50: Getting to know my profession over again, there's nothing else I can do.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I'm worried about my kid.
Yeah, let's talk about that because
Galaxy A50: Yeah how's he doing he's bored out of his mind. Yeah, and
Galaxy A50: Because he's one of those kids who's actually pretty smart, but he's not really a genius. He just test this very bright personality that that I think has personalities would help some think better than most. But overall, he's not like
Galaxy A50: I don't know. I'm trying not to insult my kid but he's not exactly the sharpest tool in the shed, although he is very bright.
Shawn Phalen: Oh, the see again.
Galaxy A50: He's 11 and a half or he's going to be 12 this coming me. Okay.
Galaxy A50: And I am in many ways I'm worried that all the development that I've put into this, this little computer brain of his that it's just not being stimulated and for lack of better words, I'm afraid he's getting dumber.
Galaxy A50: He was
Galaxy A50: getting dumber. Like he used to be sharp like sharp like thinking things slick, he would actually be like a dozen blah, blah, blah. Like he would quickly catch on.
Galaxy A50: And now he's so bored. It's like atrophy. You know, you don't use a specific muscle and it starts kind of, yeah.
Galaxy A50: I'm seeing that laziness has become self like it's like a virus as well. It's like exponential. So it just keeps becoming larger and larger like he actually told me he got tired because he was so lazy laziness made him tired, so it's just a vicious cycle. Yeah, yeah.
Galaxy A50: There's certain things that, like if I would have said, or anybody would have said before he would have been like, Wait, what, so he there's finally a case one. Case, although it is contained in his County and his County is so remote nobody goes there.
Galaxy A50: This person and early 20s woman that's all I know. And she's somewhere in the vicinity. A so far has not infected anybody or it hasn't come up. But that's just the moment it happens, it's going to spread like wildfire.
Galaxy A50: So I was asking him a who leaves the property and where do they go because there's four elders and three of them, as far as I know at least three out of four or not. Well, and, and they're older. So, and he said expert, she's like oh just grams that she goes to town, like, you know, to shop.
Galaxy A50: And out of nowhere. The next day, he tells me his dad leaves the property to go somewhere, every two days and every two days he donate blood to make money.
Galaxy A50: And of course, instantly. I was like, sweetie. That's not possible. First of all, and secondly, yesterday we just talked about who leaves the property and you didn't think and it's just kind of like, whoo butterflies. It's driving me crazy.
Galaxy A50: And there's nothing I can do.
Galaxy A50: So his dad supposedly tells them that this is how he makes money now.
Galaxy A50: So of course I looked up the closest place where they live, to give blood
Galaxy A50: I called that place and it's almost like a like a lab like quest lab, you know, they're all connected. So there's three total the closest one said to me, they were very forthcoming.
Galaxy A50: They gave me all kinds of info and they said that. Absolutely. It's not possible. He might be donating plasma which is twice a week.
Galaxy A50: And what it pays really like the first two times in place, decent after that it's based on weight. So where they live, just to get there, he'll spend more time and money on gas then actual. I mean, and so when I was telling my kid. Prior to that, I was like, honey. That's impossible. He said,
Galaxy A50: So he said, well, my dad just stay hydrated really well.
Galaxy A50: And again, I'm like baby one. It's great. It helps the dead doesn't feel fall over. If he did it every two days, two clusters, nothing to get every two days and like this is the kind of stuff that he would have caught on before and now it's like whatever
Shawn Phalen: I know that you can donate plasma twice a week.
Galaxy A50: Twice a week. Yes. So you can donate at most twice a week and like so with an interval, but not more like after that it becomes by weight.
Galaxy A50: And where they live it so far that I don't know, there's no way that it's the guy said it's not more than $25 so to drive a truck from a small town to a big town and back for 25 you just wasted $30 in gas.
Galaxy A50: That doesn't make sense to me. But also, like, what kind of person drives off this property to go to the OH and that's the town and Ada county Boise Boise is completely struck by coronavirus now in it just, it makes no sense to me. Why risk initially for adults who are really elderly convalescent
Hmm.
Shawn Phalen: So, I mean, okay. So, your son is board. He's, he's doing a score. Right.
Galaxy A50: So school started yesterday.
Galaxy A50: So I, I got myself really good with these people. Even though my ex husband didn't, you know, put me as a parent or as anybody they they see who he is. So they've been very forthcoming.
Galaxy A50: I'm so sorry. There's a dog behind a song.
Galaxy A50: He said that, uh, right now. Well, they said that right now. It's all going to be review and so far Hayden's on top of it.
Galaxy A50: I'm glad that he's there because they have a better chance of restarting school than we do.
Shawn Phalen: Because he you know in the classroom. Right now, though, is
Galaxy A50: No, no, no. So he's doing school work at home once a week. His dad brings a packet. I'm not really sure. So when I called the school. And I asked what how and why they said his dad opted to come once a week and pick this up I think his dad just wants to get out the house.
Galaxy A50: Probably my class that it's not a big deal because it's such a small down. It's just this one lady Laura Linda who's basically the front desk slash nurse slash
Galaxy A50: Lunch Lady. I don't know. So she's the only one there. Just doing administrative work, I trust that he'll be fine. I don't care why it's like that. It's almost easier because haven can take a picture of the paper and send it to me. So we work together.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, and you know, in a way, he's really lucky that he actually have packets, because there's a lot of kids. He is there's a lot of kids in California that don't have, they don't they don't have packets 39 year old virtual online and knew that he was prepared for it, like know
Shawn Phalen: So,
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: These kids are not getting
Bed, Bath.
Galaxy A50: Well, yeah, because we get nobody was prepared for this. I mean all history books are going to be rewritten right now. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: I just up I do feel bad that this is happening. But I'm glad that he's there through this, because at least he can go outside and play with the dogs right he wouldn't be able to wherever it is that my ex husband goes every two days does nothing I can do. Nope.
Galaxy A50: Hayden is very scared. So everything that I tell them what to do. He really listens, like in terms of, like, hey, as grams or for a you know a wipe and go, wipe the remote controls or whatever he got really scared when I told them that there is a lady in his in his County.
Galaxy A50: And as long as it stays like this just around in a close vicinity, he's better off just being scared because he'll take better care. But in terms of his like up thinking
Galaxy A50: He's not as sharp as he used to be. Or maybe they just don't encourage it. And so he doesn't come up with certain things that he would hear. He was a problem solver.
Galaxy A50: Even the Y know that he's just a little bit young in his into it might all turn around. It's just the way I see it is
Galaxy A50: He is very he is very sharp, but he's an old soul. So there's certain things that he thinks about that more come from his heart than from just because he wants to be, you know, consider it. For example,
Galaxy A50: But his dad is extremely done so. And I'm not going to say that I'm some sort of genius, by no means am I so between the two of us.
Galaxy A50: You know what, what genius. Could we have given him. Plus, he was in a hospital for a year and a half of his life pretty much from two to three and a half. So he's already a little bit delayed with that all the emotional issues that he's had a nephew clearly has ADD.
Galaxy A50: All together is not an I can't help but think like I there are kids who are brighter than him at this age, and I'm sorry I hope it goes he catches up but it is what it is right now. Yeah, so
Shawn Phalen: As he kind of talking to you about how he feels about this whole situation. Does he open up about that.
Galaxy A50: And yes and no more. He talks about like concerns about school and friends, and that, but all he says nowadays is how bored. He is our conversations have gotten so boring. Even I'm
Galaxy A50: I'm glad that like we started doing schoolwork, as of yesterday. So that's giving us something to bond over because I hate, I hate small talk. I hate phones. Yeah I if you weren't right there right now i, this would be so boring to me.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I agree. Yeah, I totally agree with you. Um, well, you know,
Shawn Phalen: It might not be, um,
Shawn Phalen: No. Yeah. I, you know, it's kind of like, um,
Shawn Phalen: He's in a different environment when he's there and
Shawn Phalen: You might just be his way of not
Galaxy A50: This is how we've coping coping yeah just associating from the I see what you said. So once in in texts. He did share with me that he he knows that everything is now backed up. Yeah, and that he wishes that this wasn't the case that he was stuck, but
Galaxy A50: I got so like I got that feeling of guilt. Mm hmm.
Galaxy A50: So I just kind of turned it around. I said, Bill, then you wouldn't have been safe because San Diego's much more affected.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, but then, now that that lady brought the keys into his County. Luckily she staying away from everybody because that's the only hiccup. They had so far if if all the statistics are correct.
Galaxy A50: Then, in the same way. It's more like he is now and if this takes off there so far from anything in there. So, surrounded by older people. It's going to be a massacre.
Galaxy A50: So I just, I only said it, to be honest, just because I, I just needed it to be like a look. It worked out for the better, otherwise I would have cried. Yeah, I know.
Shawn Phalen: And I mean it's, I know it's you trying to find ways to cope. This to, you know, this has been this has been john out and now
Shawn Phalen: Due to know, you know, just these circumstances, it's going to be a little bit longer. And so all that does is gives you more time to work on you and
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I'm I'm blessed that this way. Now we can say, you know, if, if I wasn't attending this as they call it phone in program, I'd be screwed. I started doing in the rooms. Gee, it's like it's like an online.
Galaxy A50: It. I'm so sorry. It's all my clients and they're all talking to me and to yeah let me see if I can
Galaxy A50: Can you still hear me okay yeah oh ok now I can't hear you. I'm so sorry.
Galaxy A50: I'm going to just going to keep a little bit lower. So I
Galaxy A50: Yeah, so I've been doing this thing online and it's it's going ok I'm only listening and I'm not turning in the video. So all these things, just like a person a space for a person. Okay, I'm not
Galaxy A50: I know I'm not getting credit for it because I'm not asking for any kind of verification and I'm, I'm fine.
Galaxy A50: I'm fine with it. I just because I don't want to be in the in the actual a setting. They don't call on you, unless but there because it's such a tight little group.
Galaxy A50: They do. And I don't want to be put on the spot like that. Gotcha. It kind of almost feels like group with Dr. Jamison where we all go and yeah and I don't want it. So I'm just an empty square. But yes, I have been attending. Okay.
Galaxy A50: It's really sad to hear that people are
Galaxy A50: I guess I'm I always kind of thought like, well, when am I going to start finally dating and moving on in my personal life, but now people are stuck with their significant others and it's bringing up a lot of issues for them.
Shawn Phalen: I was listening to something and
Shawn Phalen: This is, I mean, it's not funny. But they said that after this whole thing is over with that divorce rates are probably going to skyrocket.
Oh,
Shawn Phalen: I mean that's that's the reality. Crazy, right, it's like
Galaxy A50: If it's not one thing. It's another
Galaxy A50: I got some bad news today. I hate to look at it this way. I feel like maybe I'm still making excuses for myself, but I kind of got
Galaxy A50: The green light to screw my boss some more apparently he started telling people that you know those who want to cancel their memberships.
Galaxy A50: That they're cancelled and apparently today he hit them with a bunch of charges. I don't know if he thinks I'll never find out. Or that I'll never do anything about it. But just because some people brought it up to me this morning.
Galaxy A50: I instantly started like helping them because I know how to reverse the charges. And at this point, I'm like, think of me as Robin Hood.
Galaxy A50: So, and then I reached out to a couple more, just making sure that they weren't charged. And it turns out that some people were not even looking or not.
Galaxy A50: Not wanting to do anything about it because it's like they feel like
Galaxy A50: You know everybody's hurting, who am I to say no, that's not yours. You should. But then I thought, there's so many businesses.
Galaxy A50: who not only stopped asking their current clients for money, but actually like said, you know, will help will donate whatever
Galaxy A50: This guy, knowing that he cannot provide a service and he's not allowed to provide a service all the way until May 1. Yeah. How about just not charging them anything this
Galaxy A50: And this is just
Shawn Phalen: What is he charging them for
Galaxy A50: Our spa members. Okay.
Galaxy A50: So, yeah.
Galaxy A50: The members is who stuck with us the most right because it's a monthly thing, so they're the ones that I bonded with the most as opposed to those who just
Galaxy A50: Go pay one at a time, or they have like a recurring package or whatever. So those are the people who are going to notice also the most that oh look, my church went through, because it's the same amount every month.
Galaxy A50: And how dare he and one of these people was actually a really good friend of mine, whom I brought to him when he hired me she was a friend of mine. So I was like, oh, I work here. So he had to have known that I would know at least about her. It's not about other people.
Galaxy A50: Whatever he's thinking it's like rats jumping up, you know, a sinking ship. I have a feeling. He's never going to open
Galaxy A50: Yeah, that could be definitely and he's just grasping at straws and I'm not gonna allow this to happen.
Galaxy A50: In fact, right before this happened. I already typed up my contracts and I put them like put the like you know modifications for the contract people into my system.
Galaxy A50: And since then, even though I do see individuals here and there. I've seen so far, eight people by the week that we were still open.
Galaxy A50: And three, who are you know my long clients like the one I was just telling you about. Just here and there. And I said, I'm absolutely not doing any memberships.
Galaxy A50: Even for strangers. Strangers walked in until this is over because I don't want to have to deal with reconciling all of this after it turns out that I cannot open to like the Fourth of July or some shit like that.
Shawn Phalen: Are you are you did you get an unemployment.
Galaxy A50: I did. And I'm receiving it better than others. Because I, of course, I hate it. Like they interviewed me before. Shit hit the fan.
Galaxy A50: Now people are waiting for their thing forever. So I am getting my unemployment, that's fine. I'm not struggling because right before that I sold my house.
Galaxy A50: So unfortunately I'm spending the next house as money right now, but that's okay okay in in the grand scheme of things I'm way better than the most okay and to be of older people to be quarantined in the world, a defect that I'm stuck with this tiny Asian family.
Galaxy A50: And what are the chances. Right.
Shawn Phalen: You
Galaxy A50: Had and we don't want to kill each other yet, so I think I'm better off.
Galaxy A50: In fact, today was April Fools. And I went and kind of sadly, but not overly dramatically told the lady that I have to move out because my thing is postponed. And so now I have to go live in Idaho.
Galaxy A50: And she got all teary and she said she understands and the 30 day notice is waived and everything and and then we hugged and we hugged for a minute, then I'm like, you know, I'm bullshitting right
Galaxy A50: And she just kind of stared at me. I was like, I'm a Democrat democrats don't go live in Idaho.
Galaxy A50: So then we laughed and we laughed, and yeah, that was my last highlight of the day.
Shawn Phalen: Are you renting a room there is that what
Galaxy A50: Yes, yes. So I was originally going to just rent a room to like January, because I rent it from somebody else.
Galaxy A50: And and by January. I was hoping to have my own again place just in a better area and like smaller more manageable because our original place.
Galaxy A50: Like, you know, was bought with a thought of expanding a three person family and getting more people like more children.
Galaxy A50: And then we became two people, and it just wasn't working. And it was too far from where we are now. So I was going to buy a place closer to work. Luckily, I didn't, because I don't even have the same damn job anymore.
Galaxy A50: But nothing was looking good. And I didn't like where I was staying. I didn't like the lady. So she actually introduced me to her girlfriend who got that lady was very understanding. She knew why I didn't like her.
Galaxy A50: And she introduced me to these people. And again, I thought maybe a month or so until like right up to the hearing, and then everything just started will go into health. So I'm very lucky like
Galaxy A50: If I don't know if you can tell it's a pretty big room like I have my esthetician things right there. I don't know if you can tell, but yeah I'm comfy here, it's not it's not a very modern home, but considering how many people that here and we are not in each other space I'm blessed
Shawn Phalen: How many people are living there.
Galaxy A50: Show. So it's the gentleman and the lady. They're the owners of the house. They're elderly, there's another older as almost as old as them. LADY WHO LIVES downstairs and
Galaxy A50: And then there's the daughter of the owners and her man they take up to rooms and then there's me and then
Galaxy A50: Some foreign gentleman somewhere from Africa, I want to say will be moving in sometime this week, unless he loses his job to
Galaxy A50: Because he's now the fourth one to want this room because one room has been empty since the beginning of February, and we haven't been able to fill it. We Oh my God, listen to me.
Galaxy A50: So at the moment, there's six people here.
Shawn Phalen: That's a big house.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, and we're still looking for a seven person. Uh huh, wow, well,
Galaxy A50: But it's, it's called oh it's it's called Rancho pesky dose. It's part of San Diego.
Galaxy A50: It's very, it's like very secluded like it's not a kid friendly area. This is really nothing going on. It's like the quiet neighborhood, you know, but it was so close to my job where I got fired from that it really worked out great.
Galaxy A50: And and the lady promised me she was nothing like different and I kind of my only issue with the other lady was how disgusting her house was so right this lady is much better housekeeper and that's all I want. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so
Shawn Phalen: It seems like you're doing all right, you're hanging
Shawn Phalen: You really are, you know, you're, you're calmer, like you're doing well.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, okay, well this rat race that I call you know that you find you know other people think of it as daily norm. To me, it's a lot. Yeah. That really helped calm me down.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I, I'm really, I'm very concerned with the fact that
Galaxy A50: I wasn't able to say certain things to Liliana when I was there when I was mediation right and
Galaxy A50: I'm hoping that you know I can't help but I've been trying to push it to the back of my mind, but I don't really have that area.
Galaxy A50: So that kind of comes over me sometimes. So all I have as just you guys and hoping that you know what ever gets communicated to her shows that I'm a decent person and I get my kid back sometime next year. I just can't believe that this is taking so long.
Galaxy A50: It's crazy. No, no, I mean a taking. My thing is taking so long that that I lost him in the first place is outrageous and that everything that like guts set in in motion. Since then, yeah, I know right out of this world. Right. Yeah, I agree.
Shawn Phalen: So like keep doing what you're doing. Okay, like
Galaxy A50: Keep keep doing those meetings. Keep just, you know,
Shawn Phalen: This is a great time to kind of be introspective and find your peace and find your calm and grab on to it and hold
And you know this is a
Shawn Phalen: Time here but um okay let's reschedule for can you do
Galaxy A50: April 15 at eight o'clock. It's a Wednesday. Yes.
Galaxy A50: Okay, that's actually very good. Okay.
Galaxy A50: Oh, and I started meeting with all you might want to also if she calls. I forgot to tell you, I started Mary's groups, too. So I'm doing group twice a week now.
Shawn Phalen: What days do group with Mary
Galaxy A50: With Marissa 7pm on a Monday.
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
Galaxy A50: And it's actually some lady named em to a neck but they call it marries group. Okay, cool. All right. Good eight on the 15th writing it down. Okay.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, and they just something, whatever Venus was writing about. I'm assuming it's a urine pups. So I'm going to take another test. Oh, right. Darren.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, take care.
Galaxy A50: Thank you. All right.
Thank you. Bye.